the head of Dallas County Schools is
responding to a story Fox for broke on
Friday about this attack on a school bus
driver by Richardson students it
happened in February but stayed a secret
until a source leaked it to Fox 4
Deanna's oka is in now with our
continuing coverage with more from the
bus driver and also the head of the
student service
he works for Dione Heather it took
months for the video to become public
there was no criminal investigation and
therefore no charges but three days
after our first story aired the
superintendent of Dallas County Schools
which handles transportation for 11
districts tells us he did not know about
the attack caught on video and intends
to find out why Dan's got is somebody I
don't know who for know where that
hearing now the promise of a full
investigation 63 year old Jorge Diaz can
hardly contain his gratitude and I say
thank you Lord Jesus thank you after
feeling forgotten for more than six
months my good evening get in my knee
they punch me over here and I have that
swollen for five six days
February 12 Diaz a bus driver for Dallas
County Schools was taking Richardson ist
students home from forced Meadows junior
high school when someone threw a soda
bottle at him while driving he stopped
the bus radio dispatch and addressed the
young students behind him the video
shows Diaz and one student exchanging
pushes then a student punches Diaz and
others join in stopped only after a
bystander intervened I call it the
supervisor say the police is on the way
they never show Diaz says the rest of
the students were scared so he took them
home reporting the incident again to
Dallas County school zone Police
Department where he says the chief
discouraged him from following through
hey come and say you don't have to come
here and tell me what to do with an
addict I was so surprised I've decided I
am actually going to be conducting the
complete investigation of what's taking
place but today Rick sorrel
the superintendent of Dallas County
Schools says he will meet with mr. Diaz
and interview the rest of his staff to
find out why the incident didn't make it
up the chain what I want to do is have
that full side of the story so that when
I go to our staff and ask questions I
don't like to go back and ask I'll have
everything I need for mr. Diaz and from
the news report that you've provided as
for Diaz he says he once ran into one of
the students who hit him but there have
been no apologies and no resolutions and
I said what are you doing he said I
don't know and I guess okay GUP let's
walk down Dallas County Schools as we
mentioned has its own Police Department
Chief Peters told Fox 4 on Friday he did
not know about the assault which mr.
Diaz says is not true it'll be up to
their boss Rick swirls now to sort
through that Heather because he says our
story last week was basically the first
he'd heard about this attack all right
so Dianna what about the students
involved in this kind of shocking I
guess for them as they prepare to head
back to school yeah you know aside from
from this video you can tell we we've
blurred their images because they are so
young we just know that Richardson is
steve says three students were suspended
after the district learned of the attack
earlier this year Jorge Diaz the bus
driver says he also reported to the
principal who'd already heard about it
and started this student disciplinary
process but since the driver is an
employee of the transportation service
and not the district Richardson ISD we
understand is not responsible for
initiating a criminal investigation in
this Heather gotcha
all right dianna in our newsroom tonight
thank you